erltools / readme

This directory contains a Syntaxic/Lexical parser generator and a C/C++ 
prettyprinter. Those programs are freeware in the GNU acceptance 
( see the copying file in the pub/cplusplu directory).

INSTALLATION
------------

The makefiles are set for Linux. Changing the active flags in makefile.inc and
makefile.der (comment out the correct lines), it has also been tested on SUN or 
Unix Interactive (with g++ 2.7.2).

1) Take the makefile.inc and makefile.der file and do the following :

   In variable ERLTOOLS_DIR : Put the directory where you installed erltools
                              like "/home/my_home/erltools".

   In variable INSTALL_DIR : Put the directory where the executable are
                             to be installed. The directory must exist and
                             must be in your PATH variable.

   Put also . in your PATH variable

Instead it is also possible to use outils/tmake after setting right values at the beginning instead of make outils/tmake -parallel use all processors

2) Do a make -f makefile.uni all install
   (for a basic C++ prettyprinter installation you can use the command
     make -f makefile.uni prettyprinter
    for code norm checker you can use the command
     make -f makefile.uni erlscale
    for java prettyprinter you can use the command
     make -f makefile.uni pjava
    for optimisation template you can use the command
     make -f makefile.uni optimonly )

   Warning : if your virtual memory is exhausted suppress -pipe in makeref.*

3) In the installation directory modify the file c.set, so that it 
   reflects your prettyprinting preference (the flags in the middle
   of the file)

4) Verify that the installation directory is in your PATH


USAGE
-----------

1) Under shell

   Enter cpb 'name' where name is the name of the program to be
   prettyprinted
   Enter erlscale 'name' to verify file.

2) Under emacs

   You have the possibility to prettyprint a function or a whole
   file taking the macros given in the .emacs found in the
   cplusplu directory

3) Under windows

   Open a dos windows. Enter cpb 'name' for prettyprinting c/c++ file.
   Enter cpbch 'name' for prettyprinting a metachop file.
   cpb and cpbch can be used as extern tools for Microsoft and Borland editors.
   Enter pjava 'name' for prettyprinting a java file.
   Enter erlms 'name' or erlmsch 'name' to verify a program.

BORLAND
-------

Files can be compiled with borland compiler. Put borland configuration in
makefile.inc and makefile.der. Compile using make -f makefile.bor. Then do
the same as in INSTALLATION.

MICROSOFT
---------

Files can be compiled with visual compiler. Put visual configuration in
makefile.inc and makefile.der. Compile using nmake -f makefile.vis. Then do
the same as in INSTALLATION.

LEXICAL/SYNTAXIC PARSER GENERATOR
---------------------------------

All documentation is to be found in doc directory as postscript files. A README
describe the documentations available there.

COMPILE WITH ELF
----------------

Add the value of INSTALL_DIR in your LD_LIBRARY_PATH variable. In erltools directory enter 
'make clean solib soall install'.


EMAIL ADDRESS
-------------

lavileric@aol.com
